Reorganise Quickstart section with new branding + move LUKSO wallet up on Network pages (#1162)
lukso-network/docs: docs/learn/benefits-lukso-standards.md

| Pre and Post Execution Hooks   | ✅                         | ✅                          | ✅                                      | ✅ Through [LSP20](../standards/accounts/lsp20-call-verification.md)                                |

| Feature                                        | Benefits                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **🗄️ Metadata in one place**                   | Finished re-filling the same information again and again on each new app you register to!<br/>Your information is stored and fetched from the same place (your 🆙 storage) and displayed the same across all the dApps ecosystem!                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: Hmm, "finished re-filling" sounds a little bit strange. `No more re-filling` sounds better but with that wording we will have 2 sentences starting identically. 
```suggestion
| **🗄️ Metadata in one place**                   | Removes the requirement to refill the same information again and again on each new app you register to!<br/>Your information is stored and fetched from the same place (your 🆙 storage) and displayed the same across all the dApps ecosystem!                                                                                                  |
```

> | **🎨 Customizable metadata**                   | Make your Universal Profile stand out from others! Give it a profile and cover image, and add as many amount of information with its unlimited storage.                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: Is the storage really unlimited? 🤔

Author: > Is the storage really unlimited? 🤔

Yes it is practically unlimited because the data keys are `bytes32` which makes a very big range `2e256`

Reviewer: Ah, okay. I was thinking rather about the `bytes` part for the values. How much can we upload and store? I guess it's limited by the 1) block's gas limit of 42m and 2) physical storage.

Author: Good question, I am actually not sure. A burnt pix has a very large amount of metadata in its `LSP4Metadata`, but we haven't tested the boundaries yet for a single `setData(bytes32,bytes)` transaction. 
Yes technically, it is limited to the block's gas limit for setting.

See the value under the `LSP4Metadata` here :)
https://erc725-inspect.lukso.tech/inspector?network=mainnet&address=0x3983151e0442906000dab83c8b1cf3f2d2535f82

Reviewer: Thanks!

> | **⛽️ Gas-Less transactions**                  | No more need to buy and hold native tokens to pay for the gas. Use the transaction relayer plugged to the Universal Profile from the start to get started.                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: "transaction relayer plugged to the Universal Profile from the start" - should we specify that it's only related to profiles deployed using universalprofile.cloud or at least that's what we provide?

```suggestion
| **⛽️ Gas-Less transactions**                  | No more need to buy and hold native tokens to pay for the gas. Use the transaction relayer plugged to the Universal Profile from the start to get you going.                                                                                                                                                                         |
```

> | **🔑 Multi-Control through permissions**       | Universal Profiles can be controlled by multiple EOAs with various permission levels, held across different devices or representing dApps. <br/>Each can have specific access rights (token transfers, playlist management, or account recovery).                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **🔑 Multi-Control through permissions**       | Universal Profiles can be controlled by multiple EOAs with various permission levels, held across different devices or representing dApps. <br/>Each can have specific access rights (token transfers, playlist management, account recovery, etc.).                                                                                  |
```

| **📢 Notification and customized reactivity**  | The 🆙 can be customized to react differently based on different events it receives. For instance, the default implementation automatically register new received assets.                                                                                                                                                          |
| **⚙️ Extendability with pluggable Extensions** | New features (like new function selectors not present by default in the smart contract code) can be added to a Universal Profile, using a system of extensions. <br/><br/>See our guide [**Extending Universal Profile functionalities**](./universal-profile/advanced-guides/extend-profile-functionalities.md) for more details. |

### 🗄️ Metadata in one place

> With traditional web3 wallets, a user has to fill the same infos every time it registers on a new dApp (_e.g: username, biography, social media accounts_). A Universal Profile stores user's data in one single place: the contract's storage. any dApp can then retrieve the same information from the same place, making dApp onboarding easier and faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With traditional web3 wallets, a user has to fill the same infos every time it registers on a new dApp (_e.g: username, biography, social media accounts_). A Universal Profile stores user's data in one single place: the contract's storage. Any dApp can then retrieve the same information from the same place, making dApp onboarding easier and faster.
```

<br /><br />
</div>

### 🎨 Customizable Metadata

A Universal Profile can represent many personas or forms of identities:

- a user profile (personal or professional)
- a brand
- a DAO or an organisation
- an AI living on the internet
- a service like a wallet recovery
- a character in a video game (represented as an NFT with its own metadata)

<div style={{textAlign: 'center', color: 'grey'}}>
  <img
    src={require('/img/learn/different-universal-profiles.png').default}
    alt="`Examples of different types of Universal Profiles."
    width="1200"
  />
<br/>
<i>4 x different Universal Profiles used for different purposes (a brand, a DAO, a user's profile, a wallet recovery service).</i>
<br /><br />
</div>

### ⛽️ Gas-Less transactions

:::info Opting out of the relayer

**Using the relayer and always gas less transactions is not mandatory!**

> Users can also choose to not rely on the [Transaction Relay Service](../standards/accounts/lsp15-transaction-relayer-api.md) and the pay the gas fees of the transaction themselves by funding the [controller](./concepts.md#controller) of their Universal Profile with native LYX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can also choose not to rely on the [Transaction Relay Service](../standards/accounts/lsp15-transaction-relayer-api.md) and pay the gas fees of a transaction themselves by funding the [controller](./concepts.md#controller) of their Universal Profile with native currency (e.g. LYX).
```

:::

Universal Profiles enable gas-less transactions. The **relayer pay the gas fees and does not require the user to hold native tokens** to pay for the transaction fee. Users do not need to go through the whole cumbersome process of:

1. downloading a wallet
2. creating a new address
3. registering to a crypto exchange or a service to buy crypto
4. performing KYC
5. buying native crypto by card or bank transfer
6. _in some cases,_ requesting the bank to authorize the transaction to buy crypto (some user banks restrict from buying crypto online)
7. finally start using dApps!

This improves onboarding experiences in the following ways:

> - most new web3 users does not get their head around the concept of "gas" and having to pay fees every time they interact with a dApp (compared to interacting with other applications on the internet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- most of the new web3 users do not get their heads around the concept of "gas" and having to pay fees every time they interact with a dApp (compared to interacting with other applications on the internet).
```

- native and experienced web3 users need to acquire more native currency from various chains just to _"play around with dApps"_ and explore, increasing the costs even more for users present across many chains.

> - users can also bridge native currency from one chain to another (_e.g: having to bridge ethers from Ethereum to Base to use dApps on Base_), but this require giving up some funds on one chain as a result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- users can also bridge native currency from one chain to another (_e.g: having to bridge ethers from Ethereum to Base to use dApps on Base_), but this requires giving up some funds on one chain as a result.
```

> - developers looking to build dApps on new chains neex to acquire test LYX from testnet faucets, but most of them now require to hold a minimum amount of native currency on the main network to avoid spam and over-usage of the faucet.

Reviewer: Suggesting to have similar terms `mainnet` and `testnet`.

```suggestion
- developers looking to build dApps on new chains need to acquire test LYX from testnet faucets, but most of them now require to hold a minimum amount of native currency on the mainnet to avoid spam and over-usage of the faucet.
```

> As Universal Profile support gas-less transactions, it is possible to add multiple relayers and switch between their preferred one at the time of the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As Universal Profile supports gas-less transactions, it is possible to add multiple relayers and switch between them before the confirmation of the transaction.
```

| Feature                                                               | Benefits                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **🔘 Easier functions for developers**                                | You are a developer? Stop learning different functions for each new ERC token standard! (ERC20, ERC721, ERC1155, etc...).<br/>LSP7 and LSP8 use the **same function names** for transfer and operator approvals, whether it is a token or NFT transfer.                                                                             |

> | **🗄️ Unlimited & Dynamic Metadata for Tokens & NFTs**                 | Your NFT is not only an image. It can now hold as many information as imagined (custom traits, attributes, ...). This information can evolve overtime.                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **🗄️ Unlimited & Dynamic Metadata for Tokens & NFTs**                 | Your NFT is not only an image. It can now hold as many information as can be imagined (custom traits, attributes, ...). This information can evolve overtime.                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

> | **䷓ Flexible Batching functionalities**                               | Distibute multiple tokens or NFTs easily to users with `transferBatch(...)` or perform multiple actions in a single transaction with `batchCalls(...)`. <br/> _(e.g: authorize multiple operators, transfer an NFT and update its metadata)_.                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **䷓ Flexible Batching functionalities**                               | Distribute multiple tokens or NFTs easily to users with `transferBatch(...)` or perform multiple actions in a single transaction with `batchCalls(...)`. <br/> _(e.g: authorize multiple operators, transfer an NFT and update its metadata)_.                                                                                       |
```

Both [LSP7](../standards/tokens/LSP7-Digital-Asset.md) and [LSP8](../standards/tokens/LSP8-Identifiable-Digital-Asset.md) use the same function to transfer tokens, with only one different parameter type.

- LSP7 [`transfer(address,address,uint256,bool,bytes)`](../contracts/contracts/LSP7DigitalAsset/LSP7DigitalAsset.md#transfer) function uses a **`uint256`** to transfer an **amount**.
- LSP8 [`transfer(address,address,bytes32,bool,bytes)`](../contracts/contracts/LSP8IdentifiableDigitalAsset/LSP8IdentifiableDigitalAsset.md#transfer) function uses a **`bytes32`** to transfer a [**token ID**](../standards/tokens/LSP8-Identifiable-Digital-Asset.md#format-of-tokenids).

Similarly, they both use the same function `authorizeOperator(address,[uint256/bytes32],bytes)` to approve new operators for a token allowance or specific token Ids.

### 🗄️ Unlimited & Dynamic Metadata

<div style={{textAlign: 'center', color: 'grey'}}>
  <img
    src={require('/img/learn/token-nft-metadata-examples.png').default}
    alt="`Examples of metadata for different NFTs."
    width="1200"
  />
<br/>
<i>3 x different NFT collections with their unique traits and characteristics.</i>
<br /><br />
</div>

> Like Universal Profile, digital assets based on the LSP7 and LSP8 standards can hold an **unlimited quantity of metadata** for any various type of information considered relevant to the token or NFT collection. This can include:

Reviewer: `any various type` - it feels like it should be either `any type` or `various type`. Reading `any various` sounds tautological, at least to me 🙂 

```suggestion
Like Universal Profile, digital assets based on the LSP7 and LSP8 standards can hold an **unlimited quantity of metadata** for any various type of information considered relevant to the token or NFT collection. This can include:
```

- Icons and image.
- The creators of the tokens / NFT collection.
- The list of exchanges where this token can be found.

LSP8 also allows to create more complex and rich NFT collections where **each NFT can have its own custom metadata**. Setting metadata specific to each NFT is done using the standardized functions [`setDataForTokenId(...)` and `setDataBatchForTokenIds(...)`](../contracts/overview/NFT/set-nft-metadata.md). This is useful for instance for:

- NFTs that need to hold specific items like digital clothing items for avatars, or weapons / body armors in a video game.

> - dynamic NFTs, where any information, traits or attributes of a NFT could be programmed to change or evolve overtime according to certain conditions, logics or triggers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- dynamic NFTs, where any information, traits or attributes of an NFT could be programmed to change or evolve overtime according to certain conditions, logics or triggers.
```

### 📢 Notify on transfers

On each token transfers, bother sender & recipient are notified that a token transfer happened. This notification includes a specific notification ID (_e.g: "I have sent / received some tokens / NFTs"_. See typeIds for more infos).

> In addition, it is possible to program and _"plug-in"_ custom logic contracts called [**Universal Receiver Delegate**](../standards/accounts/lsp1-universal-receiver-delegate.md) to the sender and recipient, so that they can automatically react based on these different type of notifications. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, it is possible to program and _"plug-in"_ custom logic contracts called [**Universal Receiver Delegate**](../standards/accounts/lsp1-universal-receiver-delegate.md) to the sender and recipient, so that they can automatically react based on these different types of notifications. For example:
```

- Registering / Removing tokens from your list of received assets.

> - Block receiving spam tokens that can contain malicious logic to steal user's funds if interacting with such token contracts, by filtering them against a spam or blacklist registry.

Reviewer: I suggest `Block incoming spam` or `Prevent receiving spam`

```suggestion
- Block incoming spam tokens that can contain malicious logic to steal user's funds if interacting with such token contracts, by filtering them against a spam or blacklist registry.
```
